Update in quickstart-for-securing-your-repository.md (#40855)
github/docs: content/code-security/getting-started/quickstart-for-securing-your-repository.md

Dependency review is a {% data variables.product.prodname_GH_code_security %} feature. {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}Dependency review is enabled for all repositories with the dependency graph enabled. Organizations that use {% data variables.product.prodname_team %} or {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} with {% data variables.product.prodname_GH_code_security %} can additionally enable dependency review for private and internal repositories.{% endif %}

To enable dependency review for a repository, ensure that the dependency graph is enabled.

1. From the main page of your repository, click **{% octicon "gear" aria-hidden="true" aria-label="gear" %} Settings**.
1. Click **{% data variables.product.UI_advanced_security %}**.{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}

> 1. Next to Dependency graph, click **Enable**.{% endif %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To the right of {% data variables.product.prodname_code_security %}, click **Enable**.
1. Under {% data variables.product.prodname_code_security %}, check that dependency graph is enabled for the repository. {% elsif ghes %}
1. Check that dependency graph is configured for your enterprise.{% endif %}
```
